56 years time to imagine it was once a
state-of-the-art ground with its six
floodlight pylons these terraces have
long since been condemned many
supporters will have happy memories of
this old place but it's time to move on
so it's out with the old and in with the
new this is what 40 odd million pounds
buys you the new kingstown
communications stadium it's absolutely
breathtaking and this is the third
division while the good
suburban definite championship stadium
specifications awesome it's feel
difficult place how's that effects on
everybody who comes in so how on earth
does a club in the third division afford
all this the City Council has built it
and it's under the operation the stadium
management company for 50 years and that
stadium management company has two
tenants the Rugby League club and the
football club and it's at the moment a
very harmonious relationship between the
three parties we'll continue to invest
in the team and invested in the players
we've got the right manager I am wise
unfortunately we've been in the lowest
division too long and so that's up to me
to try and get us out of that but the
potential of the support the fan base
here is incredible the gaffer's come and
got us all smiling and laughing in
joints around again and you know we've
enjoyed the sadness as well now we've
get the results that we think we're
capable of getting the city is a
premiership place as well and we would
love to be able to get up the league's
to prove it but that's going to take a
lot of hard work by everybody concerned
and hopefully the Chairman's nice and
patient we need to put a run together to
hit playoffs but that's definitely aim
and if it needs another summer for Peter
to build a side or tweak this side then
that's what will have to be obviously
with the Chairman you know he's a look
ahead guy and if they do well win
defeated Taylor they will but they would
need another Stadium on top of this one
limpin Florida once the celebrations
were over a crowd of nearly 23,000 the
biggest home attendance since 1974
settled down to see the Tigers take on
Sunderland the Premiership Club had sent
a strong team for this historic opening
fixture hull denied their mid-table
position in Division three with a
spirited performance passing the ball
around well and scoring the only goal
through Steve Melton the stadium clearly
generates a superb atmosphere
sunderland with a difficult Christmas
program ahead took the match seriously
using it as useful practice for their
relegation battle Paul Musselwhite
denied David beli own City who still
Harbor ambitions of promotion this
season had lacked a consistent
goalscorer Gary Alexander in particular
has struggled to rediscover the form of
last season two fine openings came his
way in quick succession it was fitting
that hull got off to a winning start in
their new ground now the locals
desperately hope they can see their side
perform in a higher division that befits
a stadium that some are saying is the
best outside the Premiership